GraphQL Transformer v2 documentation (#3801)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql/connect-to-machine-learning-services.mdx

  })
}
```

## Identify labels on an image

To configure label recognition on an image use the `identifyLabels` action in the `@predictions` directive.

```graphql
type Query {
  recognizeLabelsFromImage: [String] @predictions(actions: [identifyLabels])
}
```

In your GraphQL query, can pass in a S3 `key` for the image. At the moment, this directive works only with objects located within `public/` folder in your S3 bucket. The `public/` prefix is automatically added to the `key` input. For instance, in the example below, `public/myimage.jpg` will be used as the input. 

The query below will return a list of identified labels. Review [Detecting Labels](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rekognition/latest/dg/labels.html) in the Amazon Rekognition documentation for the full list of supported labels.

```graphql
query RecognizeLabelsFromImage($input: RecognizeLabelsFromImageInput!) {
  recognizeLabelsFromImage(input: {
    identifyLabels: {
      key: "myimage.jpg"
    }
  })
}
```

## Translate text

To configure text translation use the `identifyLabels` action in the `@predictions` directive. 

```graphql
type Query {
  translate: String @predictions(actions: [ translateText ])
}
```

> The query below will return the translated string. Populate the `sourceLanguage` and `targetLanguage` parameters with one of the [Supported Language Codes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/translate/latest/dg/what-is.html#what-is-languages). Pass in the text you want to translate into the `text` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query below will return the translated string. Populate the `sourceLanguage` and `targetLanguage` parameters with one of the [Supported Language Codes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/translate/latest/dg/what-is.html#what-is-languages). Pass in the text to translate via the `text` parameter.
```

```graphql
query TranslateText($input: TranslateTextInput!) {
  translate(input: {
    translateText: {
      sourceLanguage: "en"
      targetLanguage: "de"
      text: "Translate me"
    }
  })
}
```

## Synthesize speech from text

To configure Text-to-Speech synthesis use the `convertTextToSpeech` action in the `@predictions` directive. 

```graphql
type Query {

>   textToSpeech: String @predictions(actions: [ convertTextToSpeech ])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  textToSpeech: String @predictions(actions: [convertTextToSpeech])
```

}
```

> The query below will return a presigned URL with the synthesized speech. Populate the `voiceID` parameter with one of the [Supported Voice IDs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/polly/latest/dg/voicelist.htm). Pass in the text you want to synthesize into the `text` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query below will return a presigned URL with the synthesized speech. Populate the `voiceID` parameter with one of the [Supported Voice IDs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/polly/latest/dg/voicelist.htm). Pass in the text to synthesize via the `text` parameter.
```

  textToSpeech(input: {
    convertTextToSpeech: {
      voiceID: "Nicole"
      text: "Hello from AWS Amplify!"
    }
  })
}
```

## Combining Predictions actions

You can also combine multiple Predictions actions together into a sequence. The following action sequences are supported:
- `identifyText -> translateText -> convertTextToSpeech`
- `identifyLabels -> translateText -> convertTextToSpeech`
- `translateText -> convertTextToSpeech`

In the example below, `speakTranslatedImageText` identifies text from an image, then translates it into another language, and finally converts the translated text to speech.

```graphql
type Query {
  speakTranslatedImageText: String @predictions(actions: [
    identifyText
    translateText
    convertTextToSpeech
  ])
}
```

An example of that query will look like:

```graphql
query SpeakTranslatedImageText($input: SpeakTranslatedImageTextInput!) {
  speakTranslatedImageText(input: {
    identifyText: {
      key: "myimage.jpg"
    }
    translateText: {
      sourceLanguage: "en"
      targetLanguage: "es"
    }
    convertTextToSpeech: {
      voiceID: "Conchita"
    }
  })
}
```

> A code example of this using the JS Library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A code example of this using the JS Library is shown below:
```

```js
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import Amplify, { Storage, API, graphqlOperation } from 'aws-amplify';
import awsconfig from './aws-exports';
import { speakTranslatedImageText } from './graphql/queries';

/* Configure Exports */
Amplify.configure(awsconfig);

function SpeakTranslatedImage() {

>   const [ src, setSrc ] = useState("");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const [src, setSrc] = useState("");
```

>   const [ img, setImg ] = useState("");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const [img, setImg] = useState("");
```

  function putS3Image(event) {
    const file = event.target.files[0];
    Storage.put(file.name, file)

>     .then (async (result) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .then(async (result) => {
```

      setSrc(await speakTranslatedImageTextOP(result.key))
      setImg(await Storage.get(result.key));
    })
    .catch(err => console.log(err));
  }

  return (
    <div className="Text">
      <div>
        <h3>Upload Image</h3>
        <input
              type = "file" accept='image/jpeg'
              onChange = {(event) => {
                putS3Image(event)

>               }}

Reviewer: Two space indentation.

          />
        <br />
        { img && <img src = {img}></img>}
        { src &&

>           <div> <audio id="audioPlayback" controls>

Reviewer: `<audio>` tag on a new line. Same for the closing tag.

>               <source id="audioSource" type="audio/mp3" src = {src}/>

Reviewer: Two space indentation.

          </audio> </div>
        }
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}

async function speakTranslatedImageTextOP(key) {
  const inputObj = {
    translateText: {

>       sourceLanguage: "en", targetLanguage: "es" },

Reviewer: `targetLanguage` on a new line. Same for the closing curly brace.

    identifyText: { key },
    convertTextToSpeech: { voiceID: "Conchita" }
  };
  const response = await API.graphql(
    graphqlOperation(speakTranslatedImageText, { input: inputObj }));
  return response.data.speakTranslatedImageText;
}
function App() {
  return (
    <div className="App">
        <h1>Speak Translated Image</h1>

>         < SpeakTranslatedImage />

Reviewer: Two space indentation.

>         < SpeakTranslatedImage />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <SpeakTranslatedImage />
```

    </div>
  );
}
export default App;
```

## How it works

Definition of the `@predictions` directive:

```graphql
directive @predictions(actions: [PredictionsActions!]!) on FIELD_DEFINITION
enum PredictionsActions {
  identifyText # uses Amazon Rekognition to detect text
  identifyLabels # uses Amazon Rekognition to detect labels
  convertTextToSpeech # uses Amazon Polly in a lambda to output a presigned url to synthesized speech
  translateText # uses Amazon Translate to translate text from source to target language
}
```

> `@predictions` creates resources to communicate with Amazon Rekognition, Translate and Polly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@predictions` creates resources to communicate with Amazon Rekognition, Translate, and Polly.
```
